# MacroFinalProject
This repository contains a Python script (WORK IN PROGRESS) that aims to create a predictive model for credit default based on demographic and financial data of 300,000+ borrowers. The dataset used in this project was obtained from Kaggle and was originally sourced from Home Credit Group. Home Credit Group is an international non-bank financial institution that provides consumer loans to individuals who have little or no access to traditional banking services. The dataset contains information on credit applications from Home Credit customers, including their credit history, financial information, and loan repayment behavior. The goal of this project is to build a machine learning model that can predict whether or not a customer is likely to default on their loan based on their application information.

The credit default dataset will be split into a training set and a testing set. 80% of the data will be used for training the random forest classifier, and 20% will be used for testing the accuracy of the classifier. This approach is known as the train-test split.

The training data will be used to fit the random forest classifier. In other words, the classifier will learn the patterns in the data to predict if a credit applicant is likely to default on their loan. The remaining 20% of the data will be used to evaluate the performance of the classifier. The accuracy of the model will be determined by comparing the predicted outcomes to the actual outcomes in the testing set. The goal is to create a classifier that can accurately predict whether an applicant is likely to default or not, without overfitting to the training data.

This project is intended to be a learning exercise in data preprocessing, EDA, and machine learning. Contributions and suggestions are welcome, and the project will continue to be updated with new features and improvements.
